---
layout: post
title: Reproducibility Tuesdays are here!
subtitle: Events related to reproducibility and open research in Trinity Term 2018
tags: [events, #reproducibilityTues]
---

It's #reproducibilityTues at Oxford this term! Starting next week,
every Tuesday in Weeks 1--8 there will be two events relating to
reproducibility and open research.

The first event is the <a
href="https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1dpJ7LBLjXIBhiWBJMlG-B-UgziJxyS7D?usp=sharing"
target="_blank">ReproducibiliTea</a> journal club, organized by Amy
Orben, Sam Parsons, and Sophia Cr&uuml;well in the <a
href="https://www.psy.ox.ac.uk/" target="_blank">Department of
Experimental Psychology</a>, Tuesdays 13:00--14:00. We are very happy
to sponsor this initiative!

![2018_TT-journal-club](img/2018_TT-journal-club.pdf)

The second event is the <a
href="http://users.ox.ac.uk/~phys1213/ReproAtASC.html"
target="_blank">Seminar on Reproducibility and Open Research</a>,
organized by Lisa Lodwick and Jasmine Nirody at <a
href="https://www.asc.ox.ac.uk/" target="_blank">All Souls
College</a>, Tuesdays 16:30--18:00.

![2018_TT-seminars](img/2018_TT-seminars.jpg) 

As for our "normal" activities, we are planning a <a
href="https://software-carpentry.org/" target="_blank">Software
Carpentry</a> workshop for the term, and coordinating instructor
training --- as usual, check our <a href="../events">events</a> page,
subscribe to our
[mailing list](https://web.maillist.ox.ac.uk/ox/info/rroxford), and
follow us on Twitter [@RR_Oxford](https://twitter.com/RR_Oxford) for
announcements!
