---
layout: post
title: Looking forward
subtitle: 2017 wrap-up and plans for 2018
tags: [workshops, instructor training, Software Carpentry, Data Carpentry]
---

It's been a busy year since we launched the project in October 2017!
So far, we have ran four <a href="https://software-carpentry.org/"
target="_blank">Software Carpentry</a> workshops, one <a
href="http://datacarpentry.org/" target="_blank">Data Carpentry</a>
workshop --- the first to be held in Oxford! --- and we have hosted
the first Oxford-based Software/Data Carpentry <a
href="https://steve-crouch.github.io/2017-03-16-oxford-ttt/"
target="_blank">instructor training</a>. Details are on our <a
href="../events">events</a> page. So far, we have provided training to
upwards of 100 learners from across the University who attended our
workshops, in addition to 11 Oxford-based trainee instructors.

And we have some exciting news to share! <a
href="http://www.elixir-uk.org/" target="_blank">ELIXIR-UK</a>, the UK
node of the <a href="https://www.elixir-europe.org/"
target="_blank">European infrastructure for life science
information</a>, have identified a small number of institutions in the
UK that they wish to support in delivering training in effective
research computing. To this end, they are sponsoring a partnership
between these institutions and Software/Data Carpentry for one
year. We are one of three institutions to be offered sponsorship. We
are extremely grateful to the <a href="https://www.software.ac.uk/"
target="_blank">Software Sustainability Institute</a> for facilitating
this opportunity!

Extending our partnership with Software/Data Carpentry through October
2018 will enable four additional Software/Data Carpentry workshops
open to staff, researchers, and students across the University
(catering to upwards of 120 learners). It will also enable the
training of an additional six instructors based in Oxford. This will
help consolidate the local capacity built over the first year of the
project, ensuring that activities are self-sustaining in the future.

We are now planning a series of workshops for the coming months, and
coordinating instructor training --- as usual, check our <a
href="../events">events</a> page, subscribe to our [mailing
list](https://web.maillist.ox.ac.uk/ox/info/rroxford), and follow us
on Twitter [@RR_Oxford](https://twitter.com/RR_Oxford) for
announcements!